README.md, before:

# BaSP - MegaRocket App codebase

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Install dependencies

    npm install

### Setup environment file

create a file at root called `.env` and add this:

    REACT_APP_API=<server url>

### Run App

    npm start

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### Check Lint errors

    npm run lint

### Fix Lint errors

    npm run lint:fix

<br>

## Members

### DEV TEAM

|                                          Photo                                           |          Name           |               Mail               |                             Github                             |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------: | :------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------: |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84101790?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |     Alejandro Macia     |       alemacia17@gmail.com       |            [@AleMac17](https://github.com/AleMac17)            |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42975334?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |    Alejandro Schmidt    |        alemusho@gmail.com        |         [@ale-schmidt](https://github.com/ale-schmidt)         |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/92128525?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |      Daniel Ninfi       |        dbninfi@gmail.com         |         [@danielninfi](https://github.com/danielninfi)         |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/73259252?v=4" height="50" width="50">  | Emanuel Baldor Bacarini |       emabaldor@gmail.com        |           [@EmaBaldor](https://github.com/EmaBaldor)           |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127455493?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |    Federico Peralta     |      fedeper100@hotmail.com      |    [@Federico-Peralta](https://github.com/Federico-Peralta)    |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/83631907?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |   Fernando Fernández    | fernandofernandez.uy@hotmail.com | [@fernandofernandezuy](https://github.com/fernandofernandezuy) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127451375?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |     Gonzalo Reybet      |      gonzareybet@gmail.com       |          [@Gonzarey96](https://github.com/Gonzarey96)          |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127220032?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |      Lorenzo Mauro      |     lorenzomauro59@gmail.com     |      [@lorenzomauro59](https://github.com/lorenzomauro59)      |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94078324?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |      Marco Herazo       |     marcoherazo11@gmail.com      |            [@marcohzo](https://github.com/marcohzo)            |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/20649442?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |       Naila Ghigo       |   naila.ghigo@radiumrocket.com   |          [@nailaghigo](https://github.com/nailaghigo)          |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/55761846?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |     Luciano Alarcon     | luciano.alarcon@radiumrocket.com |      [@LucianoAlarcon](https://github.com/LucianoAlarcon)      |

### QA TEAM

|                                          Photo                                           |        Name         |           Mail           |                            Github                            |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127449788?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |  Araceli Fernandez  |   araefe1992@gmail.com   |         [@araefe1992](https://github.com/araefe1992)         |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127899234?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |    Lucrecia Vila    | Lucreciavilaf@gmail.com  |          [@LucreciaV](https://github.com/LucreciaV)          |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127546512?v=4" height="50" width="50"> | Nazarena Pantanetti | nazapantanetti@gmail.com | [@nazarenapantanetti](https://github.com/nazarenapantanetti) |

<br>

### License & Copyright

© Radium Rocket "Become a Software Professional 2022"

Commit message:

MR-177: corrected members again and added a resume for each week

README.md, after:

# BaSP - MegaRocket App codebase

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### WEEK 11

## REACT

On this week we started a new project using REACT since by using React, reusable components can be created, facilitating a modular structure for the webpage and improving efficiency in code development and maintenance. Additionally, React offers optimal performance by updating only the components affected by changes in state, enhancing the webpage's speed. Its extensive community and complementary resources also provide robust support and enable the expansion of webpage functionalities. In summary, implementing React in a webpage ensures a smooth user experience, cleaner code, and more efficient development.

### WEEK 12

## REACT ROUTE

On this week we implemented REACT ROUTE since enable easy navigation between components and views. It allows defining routes and associating them with specific components, providing a seamless user experience with multiple pages or sections. With advanced features like nested routing, dynamic parameter management, and protected routes, React Router offers complete control over navigation and enhances the structure and usability of React applications.

### WEEK 13

## REDUX

We have revamped the application's state management by implementing Redux. Previously, each component had its own state, which made the code harder to read and maintain. However, with Redux, we now have a centralized global state called the store, and state modifications are handled exclusively through reducers. This has led to more efficient and cleaner code by eliminating "prop drilling" and simplifying data flow between components. Redux has significantly improved code organization and overall code cleanliness.

### WEEK 14

## REACT HOOK FORM

We implemented React Hook Form is a powerful form validation library for React that offers a concise and intuitive approach to form handling. By utilizing React's hooks, it provides a simple and declarative API for managing form state, validation rules, and error handling. With its efficient rendering and minimal re-renders, React Hook Form ensures optimal performance. Additionally, it supports various validation techniques such as schema-based validation and custom validation functions, making it highly flexible and adaptable to different project requirements.

### Install dependencies

    npm install

### Setup environment file

create a file at root called `.env` and add this:

    REACT_APP_API=<server url>

### Run App

    npm start

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### Check Lint errors

    npm run lint

### Fix Lint errors

    npm run lint:fix

<br>

## Members

### NAI TEAM

|                                          Photo                                           |          Name           |               Mail               |                             Github                             |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------: | :------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------: |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/84101790?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |     Alejandro Macia     |       alemacia17@gmail.com       |            [@AleMac17](https://github.com/AleMac17)            |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42975334?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |    Alejandro Schmidt    |        alemusho@gmail.com        |         [@ale-schmidt](https://github.com/ale-schmidt)         |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127449788?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |    Araceli Fernandez    |       araefe1992@gmail.com       |          [@araefe1992](https://github.com/araefe1992)          |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/92128525?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |      Daniel Ninfi       |        dbninfi@gmail.com         |         [@danielninfi](https://github.com/danielninfi)         |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/73259252?v=4" height="50" width="50">  | Emanuel Baldor Bacarini |       emabaldor@gmail.com        |           [@EmaBaldor](https://github.com/EmaBaldor)           |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127455493?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |    Federico Peralta     |      fedeper100@hotmail.com      |    [@Federico-Peralta](https://github.com/Federico-Peralta)    |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/83631907?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |   Fernando Fernández    | fernandofernandez.uy@hotmail.com | [@fernandofernandezuy](https://github.com/fernandofernandezuy) |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127451375?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |     Gonzalo Reybet      |      gonzareybet@gmail.com       |          [@Gonzarey96](https://github.com/Gonzarey96)          |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127220032?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |      Lorenzo Mauro      |     lorenzomauro59@gmail.com     |      [@lorenzomauro59](https://github.com/lorenzomauro59)      |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127899234?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |      Lucrecia Vila      |     Lucreciavilaf@gmail.com      |           [@LucreciaV](https://github.com/LucreciaV)           |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94078324?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |      Marco Herazo       |     marcoherazo11@gmail.com      |            [@marcohzo](https://github.com/marcohzo)            |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/20649442?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |       Naila Ghigo       |   naila.ghigo@radiumrocket.com   |          [@nailaghigo](https://github.com/nailaghigo)          |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127546512?v=4" height="50" width="50"> |   Nazarena Pantanetti   |     nazapantanetti@gmail.com     |  [@nazarenapantanetti](https://github.com/nazarenapantanetti)  |
| <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/55761846?v=4" height="50" width="50">  |     Luciano Alarcon     | luciano.alarcon@radiumrocket.com |      [@LucianoAlarcon](https://github.com/LucianoAlarcon)      |

<br>

### License & Copyright

© Radium Rocket "Become a Software Professional 2022"
